#PA3 - proxy server
20120597 Yeo HyunHo

#1. how to run the code
 a. make
 b. ./proxy [port-number] [thread-number: default 4]


#2. Important features(f) and tasks(t)
 "I decribed all the details in code annotations". 
 "My explanation focuses on important stuffs we covered in this assignemnet, not the basic function like bind, listen, etc..."
 a. acceptor thread 
    1) f-listen queue size - 1024(from CMU library setting): handle multiple connections from lots of clients
    2) t-select - monitor the listen fd and check if there is a request from a client 
    3) t-task distribution - distribute client requests equally to all worker threads 
    3) t-log: log a client address and a port number

 b. woker thread 
    1) t-parsing: parse the http request from an client, and extract address and port number information
    2) t-connect: connect to the server 
    3) t-proxy->server(send): I just forward the http request from an client to the server.
    4) t-server->proxy(recv): I receive the http response from the server and forward it to the client in while loop. 

 c. load balancing 
    The accpetor thread and the worker thread share the same queue.
    The first put a client request to it and the second get(retrive) a request from it.
    Therefore, it needs synchornization to avoid race condtion, and I use mutex and condition variables. 
    The acceptor thread tries mutex_lock(try_mutext_lock()), if succeeds it puts the task into the queue.
    (It just tries because the acceptor shouldn't sleep)
    The worker thread gets mutex_lock, and check whether there are remaing tasks in the queue.
    If there are no such tasks, then worker thread sleeps with the condition variable.
    (Later when the acceptor put some task into the queue, it will wake up this thread)
    Otherwise, the worker thread get the task and do what it have to. 

    In addtion, I distribute the tasks equally into each woker thread's waiting queue. 

d.  number of worker threads
    I set its default value to 4, because I have 4 processors in my machine.
    It can be configured by #1
#Thank you for reading :) 
#ps. I tested 100 clients as decribed in the notice board






